there's a PlayStation 4 game stop my
buddy right here baseball bat all set up
ps4 yeah oh man wait wait it's a nice
system flip it over
wait can you stand right here cuz the
sun's kinda like it is the PlayStation 4
with the logo get the logo right there
if you can see that yeah I think the Sun
is really bright right there
okay yeah that's a better look come on
yeah yeah
brand new all right all right baseball
bat
whenever you ready yeah thing is strong
flip it over we're gonna get like a golf
go don't hit me bro he's gonna run over
it he's gonna run over
all you missed it
Oh Oh shitty guy dude that's great
I said oh yes it again
we should move this out of the way yeah
I do smooth oh yeah yeah go ahead no he
wants to run over you want some royal I
think that's good dude that I think I
don't think it's gonna break any more
hard to see in this camera lens well
your skin you Boogaloo towards the Sun
oh yeah that's better that's better
that's better yeah I want to break my
feel like there's more dude I think
we're done alright guys so that's pretty
much it for this smash PlayStation 4
video I hope you guys enjoyed that video
and